Storybook: added ability to mark pages with their status regarding quality (#16662)
status-im/status-desktop: CONTRIBUTING.md

  relative import from the file system. As a consequence, the mechanism for
  overriding import paths for tests and Storybook's pages will not work.

### Page classification

> To keep the component and Storybook pages in the good shape, a simple classification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the components and Storybook pages in a good shape, a simple classification
```

> has been introduced. It allows to assign a page one of the following statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has been introduced. It allows to assign pages one of the following statuses:
```
